"  All right.
How we doing?
You've just taken a hard, honest
look at the mask that you've been
wearing, and maybe for the first time
you saw it, clearly the version of
you that you show the world, right?
The one that knows what to say,
how to smile, when to stay quiet.
That version didn't come from nowhere.
It was shaped, reinforced, and
rewarded over and over again.
Well, here's what I want you to know.
As someone who's walked where you are
and continued on long enough to get
some perspective, you were never broken.
This person has always been you, and
this person has always been enough.
Okay?
Remember that?
You were trained.
You were trained to fit in, and the
people who taught you, they were
products of the same system, okay?
Outside of intentionally
abusive relationships, they
weren't trying to hurt you.
They were just passing along
what was given to them.
And the difference is
now, you know, right?
And here you are, you're holding that mask
in your hands and you've given it a name.
But the truth is, at this
point, you're still green.
You still could just as easily put
it back on as throw it away forever.
So in this module, we're going to
look at the true cost of continuing
to wear your mask, the cost to you
and to the people that you care about.
We're gonna start asking an even
deeper question, like why was
it there in the first place?
What were you afraid would happen
if people saw the real you?
Who taught you to believe that
being yourself wasn't enough?
Because here's the thing, we all crave
belonging, real soul level belonging,
but somewhere along the way, we started
settling for superficial acceptance.
Instead, this entire module
is about that trade off.
We'll start by exploring the difference
between acceptance and belonging
and the hidden cost of hiding.
Then I'm gonna walk you through a
visualization that shows you what your
life might look like if nothing changes.
If the mask stays on and you keep
chasing approval instead of living in
alignment, it's not meant to scare you.
It's meant to wake you up because when
you see what you're really sacrificing,
you finally understand what's at stake.
And from there we'll move into
a powerful set of questions.
They're called the Cartesian
Questions that will help you
break through this illusion that
playing it safe is somehow safer.
These four questions will become
one of your most powerful tools.
They cut through fear, they clarify
your values, and they create momentum
when you're stuck in indecision.
By the end of this module, you'll
have a clear picture of what happens
if you stay the same and an even
clearer picture of what's possible.
If you don't, you'll finish this chapter
with clarity, courage, and a growing
fire inside that says, I am no longer
available for the life that doesn't fit.
As we move into the next module
with courage, I know it's not fun
to think about these things, but
sometimes we have to hit rock bottom.
Remember that moment when
the pain of staying the same
outweighs the fear of change.
It's a powerful catalyst for growth,
so sometimes we have to take a good,
hard look at what's staying the same
is really costing us so we can move
forward to a bigger, better future.
Let's get into it.